Change for Ray.Di: Document public bindings (#42)
ray-di/ray-di.github.io: manuals/1.0/en/bp/DocumentPublicBindings.md

> To document a Guice module, a good strategy is to describe the public bindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To document a Ray.Di module, a good strategy is to describe the public bindings
```
